README.md, before:

# Big Spender
### A mod to make money harder to acquire and more useful in the game.
![fishmonger_dredge_2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/947a8e49-df97-481c-91b1-9f3db84199b4)

## Planned Features
- Higher starting debt.
- Upgrades feel more expensive.
- Net enabled from the start (otherwise starting debt prevents you getting Nets).
- Regular fish will be worth much less, although there will be a small bump for trophies.
- Aberrations will be worth much more than regular fish for balance, and again with a bump for trophies.
- Purchaseable upgrades to improve aberration and trophy chances.
- Fuel? Food? Mooring fee for towns?
- Panic increases aberrations chance by a lot, risk/reward in fishing.
- 'Wait' option while at sea, prevents attacks but freezes panic at current level, time will still pass so fish freshness will reduce.
- Buoys slowly reduce panic?

- QOL adjustments such as faster docking.

## Complete
- Fish sell cost reduced.
  - Night fish sell for more than day fish.
  - Aberrations sell for more than regular fish.
  - Trophies get a bump in sell price, maybe throw back the duds and keep these!
- Materials and general item values improved.
  - Dredged materials increased value, now worth dredging to sell.
  - Treasure is still treasure and very much worth selling, especially early game.
  - Ironhaven crates and canisters are now sellable and worth selling.
  - Shipwright at Greater Marrow is finally interested in buying materials.
- Faster docking thanks to copied FastDock mod.

## To Do
- Adjust starting debt.
- Enable Net from start.
- Upgrade option/tool for aberration/trophy chance.
- Positive relationship between panic and aberration chance.
- Fuel.
- Food.
  - Eat the fish?!
- Mooring fees.
- Calming buoys.
- 'Wait' at sea.

Commit message:

Update README.md with feature changes

README.md, after:

# Big Spender
### A mod to make money harder to acquire and more useful in the game.
![fishmonger_dredge_2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/947a8e49-df97-481c-91b1-9f3db84199b4)

## Planned Features
- Higher starting debt.
- Money is attainable in more ways and is used more often.
- Upgrades feel more expensive.
- ~Net enabled from the start (otherwise starting debt prevents you getting Nets).~
- Regular fish will be worth much less, although there will be a small bump for trophies.
- Aberrations will be worth much more than regular fish for balance, and again with a bump for trophies.
- Purchaseable upgrades to improve aberration and trophy chances.
- Fuel? Food? Mooring fee for towns?
- Panic increases aberrations chance by a lot, risk/reward in fishing.
- ~'Wait' option while at sea, prevents attacks but freezes panic at current level, time will still pass so fish freshness will reduce.~
- ~Buoys slowly reduce panic?~
- Some feature ideas out-of-scope for this mod.

- Some QOL adjustments such as faster docking, more fish per spot, fishing doesn't increase time as fast.

## Complete
- Fish sell cost reduced.
  - Night fish sell for more than day fish.
  - Aberrations sell for more than regular fish.
  - Trophies get a bump in sell price, maybe throw back the duds and keep these!
- Materials and general item values improved.
  - Dredged materials increased value, now worth dredging to sell.
  - Treasure is still treasure and very much worth selling, especially early game.
  - Ironhaven crates and canisters are now sellable and worth selling.
  - Shipwright at Greater Marrow is finally interested in buying materials.
- Faster docking thanks to altered FastDock mod.

## To Do
- Adjust starting debt.
- ~Enable Net from start.~
- Make boat upgrades cost money only, not materials.
- Make iron rig gadgets cost money only, add more such as boat speed enhancer (like the books).
- Upgrade option/tool for aberration/trophy chance.
- Trophy chance improvement.
- Trophy chance enhancement items.
- Improve trophy chance by throwing back fish.
- More bartering books?
- Resize bait so it's more worthwhile taking a lot.
- Positive relationship between panic and aberration chance.
- Fuel.
- Food.
  - Eat the fish?!
- Mooring fees.
- Shore leave, resting on land to recover from panic, but it costs.
- ~Calming buoys.~
- ~'Wait' at sea.~
